There are a number of files in this directory that you might find useful,
namely
	install.txi		Installation notes
	notes.txi		Release notes
	sm.txi			The full SM manual
	tutorial.txi		The SM tutorial

All of these are written in TeXinfo, which means that they can either
be printed with TeX, or processed into a hypertext system called info.
Additionally, they can be processed into HTML and read using (e.g.)
xmosaic.

				TeX

To print them using TeX you can just treat them like any other TeX file
(despite their weird suffix and format), or simply use the provided makefile
(e.g. `make sm.dvi'). If you want to do it by hand, read on.

If you have to build the full SM manual with indexes and cross
references from scratch, you need to say (on a Unix system):
	tex sm.txi
	texindex sm.??
	tex sm.txi
	texindex sm.??
	tex sm.txi

Under VMS, you must first define texindex as a command, viz.
	$ texindex :== $[<smdir>.info]texindex.exe
and then you have to type out the file names explicitly, so you say
	$ dir sm.%%
and then
	$ texindex <file names you get from the dir command>
 
(The first run of TeX and texindex produces a first draft of the
indexes, which change the page numbering a bit as one of the indexes
appears in the middle of the appendix. The next run allows for this
and produces the correct page numbering; the final TeX run produces
the manual. If you omit the first tex + texindex iteration the page
numbers of the last few appendices will be off by one or so).  You can
build texindex with `cc -o texindex texindex.c'. You need to go to
this much trouble only if you have changed the pagination, or if files
like sm.tps are not present.

				Info

If you want to use info you should ensure that you have modern copies
of the two programmes required, makeinfo and info, at least as recent
as those that we provide on the SM distribution tape. If you didn't
get a tape, they are available as texinfo.tar.Z in all the usual places;
The last time that I checked it was on prep.ai.mit.edu as
	/pub/gnu/texinfo-3.1.tar.gz
and, as the name suggests, this is a gzipped file, so if you need it
pick up gzip at the same time.

The distribution straight from the FSF is slightly buggy
about footnotes (if FSF means nothing to you, ignore this sentence).
In the case of the installation notes it isn't clear how useful it is to
have used TeXinfo, but the release notes are included in the info SM
manual so they had to be done this way.

				HTML

We provide a slightly-patched version of Lionel Cons's texi2html converter;
they'll be in the next official version (as of May 1996). Part of the
processing is done by the file texi2html.ext, which must be present in
either the current directory or the directory where texi2html is installed.
If this is done, you should simply be able to say
	make sm.html
and generate sm.html automatically (or make html to make the release notes
and tutorial too). Because of bugs in many readers (including xmosaic), you
may need to add the option 
	-invisible " "
to the definition of HTMLFLAGS in the Makefile to make the index's
hypertext links work correctly.

If you'd rather obtain the manual as a large number of little files (which
some HTML browsers will digest more quickly), try the
	-split_chapter
or
	-split_node
option (don't use -inline_toc at the same time); you might want to do
this in a different directory.

You can of course set up a link directly to the Command Reference
(it's sm.html#SEC29 as I write this).

				Help

You can (or we did) process the reference manual part of the manual
into help files -- see make_help for details. Or you can use the SM
macro info to read the info node for any of SM's commands.

